You already have the signs of a threatened abortion
Keep this child!
I have prescribed you the best tire protection medicine
Remember to take your medicine on time when you go back
Remember to stay in bed
Do not engage in strenuous exercise
Stay in a good mood
Whether you can keep it or not depends on your good fortune
I'm afraid the acid will come back.
Oh, okay, here we go again.
Sining, aren't you locked up?
I ran away.
The old man thought he froze my bank card
Can limit my freedom
No door
Then how can you live outside without money?
You don't have to worry about me.
I ran two motorcycle races.
Get the bonus and you can support yourself
No no
It's too dangerous. It's okay
Oh yeah, it's over.
Do you want to come with me when I make money?
Go where
Go anywhere
Don't you want to give birth to this baby?
Stay by the side of the line
Sooner or later he will find out
What if he doesn't want it?